who doesn't love wearing kimonos
especially during summer right I know I
do so that's why I'm going to show you
how I style for different kimonos for
four different summer loops so here goes
so my first outfit is more to us the
hesi cuz of the ripped any shorts and my
leopard printed top but aight went down
with this lace kimono which gave it a
flow to this whole outfit which makes it
perfect for the beach I clipped on a
phone no string just cause I know I
can't handle actual piercings really
well unless I really want one and I
wanted to do something a little
different in my hair so I experimented
with a half but atop my head Jeff any
other really really cute or just plain
stupid I don't know either way I still
love it and then I finished off this
whole look with my comfiest leather
chain boots
it's beachwear makes it a goal for my
next look because i've incorporated the
summer fridge fashioned into an outfit
they can get stuck in a city during
summer I wore this beautiful turquoise
bando that has beats hanging all around
which I was surprised to find my mom's
closet along with my bandana printed
high-waisted shorts from Mindy jungle
the spice up this whole look I topped it
up with my super huge head and edit some
silver says she needs to go along with
it
the third outfit I'm wearing is kind of
a mixture between a cardigan and a
criminal cause of the stupid sleeves
which is a little different from what
you usually see around I also find that
the prints on it is very tropical so I
thought you'll go great with my black
dress with these gorgeous embroidered
detail to the front since it already has
a lot going on with the prince I decided
skip accessories and wore my black hat
and a pair of round thats I need to add
more of a bohemian back to it and you
know this little water we complete with
a pair of gladiators right
this has got to be my absolute favorite
kemono in my closet cause I've mesh and
braddock designs on it it is so pretty
and I just love it so so much I parody
if not play so there's boots to Queens
which is great for any parties or just
anywhere where you want to stand out
from the crowd I lay it all my sun and
moon necklace else we should have been
going crazy over it ever since I got
them a few days ago and i braided my
hair because sometimes it's just too hot
to let your hair down during summer so
here are my for communal looks and let
me know which is your favorite one I
really hope you enjoy watching and do
give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe